DAOS-16328 control: Update dmg pool list for MD-on-SSD (#15490)
daos-stack/daos: docs/admin/pool_operations.md

This returns a table of pool labels (or UUIDs if no label was specified)
with the following information for each pool:

> - The total pool size (NVMe or DATA tier, not including Metadata tier).

Reviewer: In the SCM-only case (admittedly a corner case at this point), nothing has changed, has it? May be worth calling out here.

Author: can update in a follow-on, the behaviour for PMem has changed because only NVMe tier is displayed in the default mode, as you have said nothing changes for SCM-only (and there is no equivalent supported mode for MD-on-SSD)

- The percentage of used space (i.e., 100 * used space  / total space)
  for the NVMe or DATA tier.
- The imbalance percentage indicating whether data distribution across
  the difference storage targets is well balanced. 0% means that there is
  no imbalance and 100% means that out-of-space errors might be returned

>   by some storage targets while space is still available on others. Again
>   for the NVMe or DATA tier.

Reviewer: Wording nit.

```suggestion
  by some storage targets while space is still available on others. Applies only
  for the NVMe or DATA tier.
```

Author: will update in a follow-on
